Added Intros for REST API Pages (#10001)
github/docs: content/rest/reference/activity.md

---
title: Activity

> intro: 'The Activity APIs involve various activities to list events, getting feeds, starring and watching a repository for the authenticated users.'

Reviewer: Let's take inspiration from the existing conceptual content in the article.

```suggestion
intro: 'The Activity API allows you to list events and feeds and manage notifications, starring, and watching for the authenticated user.'
```
